src/components/ids-upload/README.md, before:

# Ids Upload Component

## Description

A form element that allows users to choose a file they want to upload. A user can prompt a system menu to select one or more file to upload.

## Use Cases

- Used for allowing users to select files from a local system to be uploaded to a server or application.

## Terminology

**Input Type File:** A standard basic input element with type as file.
**Label**: HTMLLabelElement to keep matching with HTMLInputElement. Make sure the label has a meaningful relative.

## Features (With Code Samples)

A standard single upload field:

```html
<ids-upload label="Upload a File"></ids-upload>
```

A field that allows multiple files to be uploaded

```html
<ids-upload label="Multiple Files" multiple="true"></ids-upload>
```

Option to limit the file types to be uploaded

```html
<ids-upload label="Upload a File (.cvs,.xls,.xlsx)" accept=".cvs,.xls,.xlsx"></ids-upload>
```

Readonly upload field

```html
<ids-upload label="Readonly" readonly="true"></ids-upload>
```

Disabled upload field

```html
<ids-upload label="Disabled" disabled="true"></ids-upload>
```

Upload field with dirty tracker

```html
<ids-upload label="Dirty Tracker" dirty-tracker="true"></ids-upload>
```

Upload field with required validation

```html
<ids-upload label="Required" validate="required"></ids-upload>
```

## Settings (Attributes)

- `accept` {string} sets limit the file types to be uploaded.
- `dirty-tracker` {boolean} sets the dirty tracking feature on to indicate a changed field.
- `disabled` {boolean} sets to disabled state.
- `label` {string} sets the label text for text input.
- `labelFiletype` {string} sets the label text for file input.
- `multiple` {boolean} sets to allows multiple files to be uploaded.
- `noTextEllipsis` {boolean} sets ellipsis to be not shown on text input.
- `placeholder` {string} sets the input placeholder text.
- `size` {string} sets the size (width) of input, it will set `md` as defaults.
- `readonly` {boolean} sets to readonly state.
- `triggerLabel` {string} sets the label text for trigger button.
- `validate` {string} sets text input validation rules, use `space` to add multiple validation rules.
- `validationEvents` {string} sets text input validation events, use `space` to add multiple validation rules, it will set `blur change` as defaults.
- `value` {string} sets text input value.

## Keyboard Guidelines

- <kbd>Tab</kbd> and <kbd>Shift Tab</kbd> moves focus into the input field to/from the next focusable item in the tab order.
- <kbd>Enter</kbd>, <kbd>Space</kbd> Open the file upload dialog box.
- <kbd>Backspace</kbd> Clear the selected value.

## Converting from Previous Versions

### Converting from 4.x

The IDS Upload component is now a WebComponent. Instead of using classes to define, it is done directly:

```html
<!-- 4.x fileupload example -->
<div class="field">
  <label for="fileupload">Upload a File</label>
  <input type="file" class="fileupload" id="fileupload" name="fileupload"/>
</div>

<!-- this is the same using the WebComponent -->
<ids-upload label="Upload a File"></ids-upload>
```

Commit message:

Add/fix some more docs

src/components/ids-upload/README.md, after:

# Ids Upload Component

## Description

A form element that allows users to choose a file they want to upload. A user can prompt a system menu to select one or more file to upload.

## Use Cases

- Used for allowing users to select files from a local system to be uploaded to a server or application.

## Terminology

**Input Type File:** A standard basic input element with type as file.
**Label**: HTMLLabelElement to keep matching with HTMLInputElement. Make sure the label has a meaningful relative.

## Features (With Code Samples)

A standard single upload field:

```html
<ids-upload label="Upload a File"></ids-upload>
```

A field that allows multiple files to be uploaded

```html
<ids-upload label="Multiple Files" multiple="true"></ids-upload>
```

Option to limit the file types to be uploaded

```html
<ids-upload label="Upload a File (.cvs,.xls,.xlsx)" accept=".cvs,.xls,.xlsx"></ids-upload>
```

Readonly upload field

```html
<ids-upload label="Readonly" readonly="true"></ids-upload>
```

Disabled upload field

```html
<ids-upload label="Disabled" disabled="true"></ids-upload>
```

Upload field with dirty tracker

```html
<ids-upload label="Dirty Tracker" dirty-tracker="true"></ids-upload>
```

Upload field with required validation

```html
<ids-upload label="Required" validate="required"></ids-upload>
```

## Settings (Attributes)

- `accept` {string} sets limit the file types to be uploaded.
- `dirty-tracker` {boolean} sets the dirty tracking feature on to indicate a changed field. See [Ids Dirty Tracker Mixin](../../mixins/ids-dirty-tracker-mixin/README.md) for more information.
- `disabled` {boolean} sets to disabled state.
- `label` {string} sets the label text for text input.
- `labelFiletype` {string} sets the label text for file input.
- `multiple` {boolean} sets to allows multiple files to be uploaded.
- `noTextEllipsis` {boolean} sets ellipsis to be not shown on text input.
- `placeholder` {string} sets the input placeholder text.
- `size` {string} sets the size (width) of input, it will set `md` as defaults.
- `readonly` {boolean} sets to readonly state.
- `triggerLabel` {string} sets the label text for trigger button.
- `validate` {string} sets text input validation rules, use `space` to add multiple validation rules.
- `validationEvents` {string} sets text input validation events, use `space` to add multiple validation rules, it will set `blur change` as defaults.
- `value` {string} sets text input value.

## Keyboard Guidelines

- <kbd>Tab</kbd> and <kbd>Shift Tab</kbd> moves focus into the input field to/from the next focusable item in the tab order.
- <kbd>Enter</kbd>, <kbd>Space</kbd> Open the file upload dialog box.
- <kbd>Backspace</kbd> Clear the selected value.

## Converting from Previous Versions

### Converting from 4.x

The IDS Upload component is now a WebComponent. Instead of using classes to define, it is done directly:

```html
<!-- 4.x fileupload example -->
<div class="field">
  <label for="fileupload">Upload a File</label>
  <input type="file" class="fileupload" id="fileupload" name="fileupload"/>
</div>

<!-- this is the same using the WebComponent -->
<ids-upload label="Upload a File"></ids-upload>
```
