src/components/ids-date-picker/README.md, before:

# Ids Date Picker Component

## Description
The `ids-date-picker` is a web component to support date entry

## Use Cases
- Display date form field with input attributes (value, label, placeholder, disabled, readonly) and validation
- Display date picker in calendar toolbar (`ids-week-view`, `ids-month-view`)

## Settings (Attributes)
- `value` {string|null} - Input value
- `placeholder` {string|null} - Input placeholder
- `label` {string|null} - Input label
- `id` {string} - Input ID
- `disabled` {true|false} - Whether or not the input should be disabled
- `readonly` {true|false} - Whether or not the input should be readonly
- `tabbable` {true|false} - Whether or not the trigger button should be tabbable
- `size` {'xs'|'sm'|'mm'|'md'|'lg'|'full'} - Size (width) of the field
- `validate` {'required'|string} - Input validation rules
- `validation-events` {string} - Input validation events, `change blur` as default
- `format` {'locale'|string|null} - Input date format, if not set defaults to locale calendar date format. Examples: `yyyy-MM-dd`, `d/M/yyyy`, `dd/MM/yyyy`
- `is-calendar-toolbar` {true|false} - Whether or not the component is used in calendar toolbar. Uses text instead of input
- `is-dropdown` {true|false} - Whether or not the component is dropdown with year/month picker
- `month` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a month for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `day` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a day for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `year` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a year for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `first-day-of-week` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies first day of the week for the popup calendar, if not set the information comes from the locale (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `show-today` `{true|false}` - Whether or not to show the today button in the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)

## Events
- `dayselected` - Fires when a day is selected

## Themeable Parts
- `container` allows you to further style the container element of the component
- `trigger-field` allows you to further style the trigger container
- `trigger-button` allows you to further style the trigger button
- `icon` allows you to further style the icon in the trigger button
- `input` allows you to further style the input element
- `popup` allows you to further style the popup element
- `footer` - allows you to further style the popup footer
- `start-button` - allows you to further style the clear/cancel button in the popup footer
- `end-button` - allows you to further style the apply button in the popup footer

## Features (With Code Examples)
With no settings. Showing empty input field with no label or placeholder.
Calendar popup highlights current date, the first day of week is based on the locale calendar.

```html
<ids-date-picker></ids-date-picker>
```

With date form field settings. Required. Validation triggers on the input value change. Not tabbable.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  id="date-field"
  label="Date Field"
  value="3/4/2016"
  placeholder="M/d/yyyy"
  format="locale"
  validate="required"
  validation-events="change"
  size="lg"
  tabbable="false"
></ids-date-picker>
```

As dropdown variation.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  value="November 2021"
  is-dropdown="true"
></ids-date-picker>
```

When used in calendar toolbar.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  is-calendar-toolbar="true"
  year="2021"
  month="10"
  day="15"
  show-today="false"
  first-day-of-week="1"
></ids-date-picker>
```

## Accessibility
The Date Picker is a complex control to code for accessibility.

- Always associate labels to the input field
- Add an `aria` label to the calendar element
- Add `aria-selected=true` to selected day
- Add instructional information like "Use down arrow to select" to the input as an audible label
- Each calendar item should have an audible label to announce the day of week while arrowing through days
- For comparison, see a similar <a href="http://oaa-accessibility.org/example/15/" target="_blank">example</a>

Commit message:

Add keyboard shortcuts to readme #538

src/components/ids-date-picker/README.md, after:

# Ids Date Picker Component

## Description
The `ids-date-picker` is a web component to support date entry

## Use Cases
- Display date form field with input attributes (value, label, placeholder, disabled, readonly) and validation
- Display date picker in calendar toolbar (`ids-week-view`, `ids-month-view`)

## Settings (Attributes)
- `value` {string|null} - Input value
- `placeholder` {string|null} - Input placeholder
- `label` {string|null} - Input label
- `id` {string} - Input ID
- `disabled` {true|false} - Whether or not the input should be disabled
- `readonly` {true|false} - Whether or not the input should be readonly
- `tabbable` {true|false} - Whether or not the trigger button should be tabbable
- `size` {'xs'|'sm'|'mm'|'md'|'lg'|'full'} - Size (width) of the field
- `validate` {'required'|string} - Input validation rules
- `validation-events` {string} - Input validation events, `change blur` as default
- `format` {'locale'|string|null} - Input date format, if not set defaults to locale calendar date format. Examples: `yyyy-MM-dd`, `d/M/yyyy`, `dd/MM/yyyy`
- `is-calendar-toolbar` {true|false} - Whether or not the component is used in calendar toolbar. Uses text instead of input
- `is-dropdown` {true|false} - Whether or not the component is dropdown with year/month picker
- `month` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a month for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `day` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a day for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `year` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies a year for the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `first-day-of-week` `{string|number|null}` - Specifies first day of the week for the popup calendar, if not set the information comes from the locale (`ids-month-view` attribute)
- `show-today` `{true|false}` - Whether or not to show the today button in the popup calendar (`ids-month-view` attribute)

## Events
- `dayselected` - Fires when a day is selected

## Themeable Parts
- `container` allows you to further style the container element of the component
- `trigger-field` allows you to further style the trigger container
- `trigger-button` allows you to further style the trigger button
- `icon` allows you to further style the icon in the trigger button
- `input` allows you to further style the input element
- `popup` allows you to further style the popup element
- `footer` - allows you to further style the popup footer
- `start-button` - allows you to further style the clear/cancel button in the popup footer
- `end-button` - allows you to further style the apply button in the popup footer

## Features (With Code Examples)
With no settings. Showing empty input field with no label or placeholder.
Calendar popup highlights current date, the first day of week is based on the locale calendar.

```html
<ids-date-picker></ids-date-picker>
```

With date form field settings. Required. Validation triggers on the input value change. Not tabbable.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  id="date-field"
  label="Date Field"
  value="3/4/2016"
  placeholder="M/d/yyyy"
  format="locale"
  validate="required"
  validation-events="change"
  size="lg"
  tabbable="false"
></ids-date-picker>
```

As dropdown variation.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  value="November 2021"
  is-dropdown="true"
></ids-date-picker>
```

When used in calendar toolbar.

```html
<ids-date-picker
  is-calendar-toolbar="true"
  year="2021"
  month="10"
  day="15"
  show-today="false"
  first-day-of-week="1"
></ids-date-picker>
```

## Keyboard Guidelines
- <kbd>Tab</kbd> - becomes active by tabbing into it.
- <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> reverses the direction of the tab order. Once in the widget, a <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> will take the user to the previous focusable element in the tab order
- <kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kbd> goes to the same day of the week in the previous or next week respectively. If the user advances past the end of the month they continue into the next or previous month as appropriate
- <kbd>Left</kbd> Go to the previous day. Visually, focus is moved from day to day and wraps from row to row in a grid of days and weeks
- <kbd>Right</kbd> Advances to the next day. Visually, focus is moved from day to day and wraps from row to row in a grid of days and weeks
- <kbd>Control + Page Up</kbd> moves to the same date in the previous year
- <kbd>Control + Page Down</kbd> moves to the same date in the next year
- <kbd>Space</kbd>, in singleton mode, acts as a toggle either selecting or de-selecting the date. In contiguous mode, it behaves similar to selecting a range of text: <kbd>Space</kbd> selects the first date. <kbd>Shift + Arrows</kbd> add to the selection. Pressing <kbd>Space</kbd> again de-selects the previous selections and selects the current focused date. In non-contiguous mode, <kbd>Space</kbd> may be used to select multiple non-contiguous dates
- <kbd>Home</kbd> moves to the first day of the current month
- <kbd>End</kbd> moves to the last day of the current month
- <kbd>Page Up</kbd> moves to the same date in the previous month
- <kbd>Page Down</kbd> moves to the same date in the next month
- <kbd>Enter</kbd> submits the form
- <kbd>Escape</kbd>, in the case of a popup date picker, closes the widget without any action
- <kbd>T</kbd> inserts today's date
- <kbd>+</kbd> Is used to increment the day in the calendar. This is in addition to the <kbd>Right</kbd>. This works both when in the input field or when the calendar picker is open. If the date pattern contains a `-` in it then this key interferes with typing so this key shortcut is disabled.
- <kbd>-</kbd>  Is used to increment the day in the calendar. This is in addition to the <kbd>Left</kbd>. This works both when in the input field or when the calendar picker is open. If the date pattern contains a `-` in it then this key interferes with typing so this key shortcut is disabled.

## Accessibility
The Date Picker is a complex control to code for accessibility.

- Always associate labels to the input field
- Add an `aria` label to the calendar element
- Add `aria-selected=true` to selected day
- Add instructional information like "Use down arrow to select" to the input as an audible label
- Each calendar item should have an audible label to announce the day of week while arrowing through days
- For comparison, see a similar <a href="http://oaa-accessibility.org/example/15/" target="_blank">example</a>
