src/components/ids-area-chart/README.md, before:

# Ids Area Chart Component

## Description

An area chart like a line chart is used to displays information as a series of data points connected by straight line segments. Often area charts are used to show trends. Area charts should generally have more than one series to make a comparison. Users can interact by clicking or tapping on areas to drill in on a certain series of data. Users can also interact by hovering data points to reveal additional information in a tooltip.

It may be easier to see and understand the data with the more colorful area chart instead of a line chart if the differences between your data values are large enough to be displayed visually.

## Use Cases

- Display large differences between your data points
- Show multiple values over time
- Plot data over a longer period of time
- Explain how multiple data points relate to the total value

## Usage Considerations

- Do not show too many areas at once as it may be difficult to interpret.
- Hover tooltips should only be used to reveal additional non-critical information.
- Area (and line) charts should not be used not show different groups of data.

## Terminology

- **Marker**: A UI embellishments that shows the data points (i.e. the dots on a line chart).
- **Area**: The filled / colored area of the lines below the marker
- **Domain**: The domain is all x-values (the values of the graph from left to right)
- **Range**: The domain is all y-values (the values of the graph from down to up)
- **Scale**: The range of values in the graph (the values of the graph from down to up) and the amount of steps between each value.

## Features (With Code Examples)

An area chart is defined with the custom element and width and height.

```html
<ids-area-chart title="An area chart showing component usage" width="800" height="500"></ids-area-chart>
```

Datasets can be added to the area chart by passing in an array of objects. Each object must have a `data` and object with `name` and `values` to form the data points. Also a name should be given for each data object which will be used as the legend text. The `shortName` is used to show the short name of the legend text and the `abbrName` is used to show an even shorter name of the legend text in responsive situations.

```js
const lineData2 = [{
  data: [{
    name: 'Jan',
    value: 1
  }, {
    name: 'Feb',
    value: 2
  }, {
    name: 'Mar',
    value: 3
  }, {
    name: 'Apr',
    value: 5
  }, {
    name: 'May',
    value: 7
  }, {
    name: 'Jun',
    value: 10
  }],
  name: 'Component A',
  shortName: 'Comp A',
  abbrName: 'A',
}, {
  data: [{
    name: 'Jan',
    value: 0
  }, {
    name: 'Feb',
    value: 4
  }, {
    name: 'Mar',
    value: 2
  }, {
    name: 'Apr',
    value: 6
  }, {
    name: 'May',
    value: 8
  }, {
    name: 'Jun',
    value: 20
  }],
  name: 'Component B',
  shortName: 'Comp B',
  abbrName: 'B',
}];

document.querySelector('ids-line-chart').data = lineData;
```

Another type of chart you can use is a sequential color chart. A sequence of colors is used to represent various concepts of range in low-high density, quantity, and concentration situations. I.E. The data is highly related and should be represented with a single color.

To achieve this it is recommended to use the `color` setting and pick one of the Ids Colors in the color palette and use variables in its range. For example:

```js
[{
   "data": [],
   "name": "Component A",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-60)
 }, {
   "data": [],
   "name": "Component B",
   "legendShortName": "Comp B",
   "legendAbbrName": "B",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-40)"
 }, {
   "data": [{
   ],
   "name": "Component C",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-20)"
 }]
```

## Class Hierarchy

- IdsAreaChart
    - IdsLineChart
        - IdsAxisChart
            - IdsElement
- Mixins
  IdsEventsMixin
  IdsLocaleMixin
  IdsThemeMixin

## Data Settings

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Settings

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Events

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Methods

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Themeable Parts

- `svg` the outside svg element
- `marker` each dots/marker element in the chart
- `lines` each line element in the chart

## States and Variations

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Keyboard Guidelines

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Responsive Guidelines

- The area chart will fill the size of its parent container and readjust when the window is resized.

## Converting from Previous Versions (Breaking Changes)

- 4.x: The area chart was added after version 3.6 so new in 4.x
- 5.x: Area Chart have all new markup and classes for web components but the data is still the same except for a few changes.
    - `legendShortName` is now `shortName`
    - `legendAbbrName` is now `abbrName`

## Designs

[Design Specs 4.5](https://www.figma.com/file/yaJ8mJrqRRej8oTsd6iT8P/IDS-(SoHo)-Component-Library-v4.5?node-id=760%3A771)
[Design Specs 4.6](https://www.figma.com/file/ok0LLOT9PP1J0kBkPMaZ5c/IDS_Component_File_v4.6-(Draft))

## Accessibility Guidelines

- 1.4.1 Use of Color - Color is not used as the only visual means of conveying information, indicating an action, prompting a response, or distinguishing a visual element. Ensure the color tags that indicate state like OK, cancel, ect have other ways to indicate that information.

## Regional Considerations

Chart labels should be localized in the current language. The chart will flip in RTL mode. For some color blind users the svg patterns can be used.

Commit message:

Add animation and responsive behavior

src/components/ids-area-chart/README.md, after:

# Ids Area Chart Component

## Description

An area chart like a line chart is used to displays information as a series of data points connected by straight line segments. Often area charts are used to show trends. Area charts should generally have more than one series to make a comparison. Users can interact by clicking or tapping on areas to drill in on a certain series of data. Users can also interact by hovering data points to reveal additional information in a tooltip.

It may be easier to see and understand the data with the more colorful area chart instead of a line chart if the differences between your data values are large enough to be displayed visually.

## Use Cases

- Display large differences between your data points
- Show multiple values over time
- Plot data over a longer period of time
- Explain how multiple data points relate to the total value

## Usage Considerations

- Do not show too many areas at once as it may be difficult to interpret.
- Hover tooltips should only be used to reveal additional non-critical information.
- Area (and line) charts should not be used not show different groups of data.

## Terminology

- **Marker**: A UI embellishments that shows the data points (i.e. the dots on a line chart).
- **Area**: The filled / colored area of the lines below the marker
- **Domain**: The domain is all x-values (the values of the graph from left to right)
- **Range**: The domain is all y-values (the values of the graph from down to up)
- **Scale**: The range of values in the graph (the values of the graph from down to up) and the amount of steps between each value.

## Features (With Code Examples)

An area chart is defined with the custom element and width and height.

```html
<ids-area-chart title="An area chart showing component usage" width="800" height="500"></ids-area-chart>
```

Datasets can be added to the area chart by passing in an array of objects. Each object must have a `data` and object with `name` and `values` to form the data points. Also a name should be given for each data object which will be used as the legend text. The `shortName` is used to show the short name of the legend text and the `abbrName` is used to show an even shorter name of the legend text in responsive situations.

```js
const lineData2 = [{
  data: [{
    name: 'Jan',
    value: 1
  }, {
    name: 'Feb',
    value: 2
  }, {
    name: 'Mar',
    value: 3
  }, {
    name: 'Apr',
    value: 5
  }, {
    name: 'May',
    value: 7
  }, {
    name: 'Jun',
    value: 10
  }],
  name: 'Component A',
  shortName: 'Comp A',
  abbrName: 'A',
}, {
  data: [{
    name: 'Jan',
    value: 0
  }, {
    name: 'Feb',
    value: 4
  }, {
    name: 'Mar',
    value: 2
  }, {
    name: 'Apr',
    value: 6
  }, {
    name: 'May',
    value: 8
  }, {
    name: 'Jun',
    value: 20
  }],
  name: 'Component B',
  shortName: 'Comp B',
  abbrName: 'B',
}];

document.querySelector('ids-line-chart').data = lineData;
```

Another type of chart you can use is a sequential color chart. A sequence of colors is used to represent various concepts of range in low-high density, quantity, and concentration situations. I.E. The data is highly related and should be represented with a single color.

To achieve this it is recommended to use the `color` setting and pick one of the Ids Colors in the color palette and use variables in its range. For example:

```js
[{
   "data": [],
   "name": "Component A",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-60)
 }, {
   "data": [],
   "name": "Component B",
   "legendShortName": "Comp B",
   "legendAbbrName": "B",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-40)"
 }, {
   "data": [{
   ],
   "name": "Component C",
   "color": "var(--ids-color-palette-azure-20)"
 }]
```

## Class Hierarchy

- IdsAreaChart
    - IdsLineChart
        - IdsAxisChart
            - IdsElement
- Mixins
  IdsEventsMixin
  IdsLocaleMixin
  IdsThemeMixin

## Data Settings

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Settings

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Events

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Methods

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Themeable Parts

- `svg` the outside svg element
- `marker` each dots/marker element in the chart
- `lines` each line element in the chart

## Animation

The line rise along the y-axis from 0 to the appropriate values. The area below the line fills up as the line rises.

## States and Variations

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Keyboard Guidelines

(See Line Chart and Axis Chart Settings for more information)

## Responsive Guidelines

- The area chart will fill the size of its parent container and readjust when the window is resized.

## Converting from Previous Versions (Breaking Changes)

- 4.x: The area chart was added after version 3.6 so new in 4.x
- 5.x: Area Chart have all new markup and classes for web components but the data is still the same except for a few changes.
    - `legendShortName` is now `shortName`
    - `legendAbbrName` is now `abbrName`

## Designs

[Design Specs 4.5](https://www.figma.com/file/yaJ8mJrqRRej8oTsd6iT8P/IDS-(SoHo)-Component-Library-v4.5?node-id=760%3A771)
[Design Specs 4.6](https://www.figma.com/file/ok0LLOT9PP1J0kBkPMaZ5c/IDS_Component_File_v4.6-(Draft))

## Accessibility Guidelines

- 1.4.1 Use of Color - Color is not used as the only visual means of conveying information, indicating an action, prompting a response, or distinguishing a visual element. Ensure the color tags that indicate state like OK, cancel, ect have other ways to indicate that information.

## Regional Considerations

Chart labels should be localized in the current language. The chart will flip in RTL mode. For some color blind users the svg patterns can be used.
