src/ids-base/README.md, before:

# Ids Base

This folder contains source code for the common base code for IDS. This includes shared functions, Core Css and The webcomponent base class IdsElement.

## Ids Base Css

The Ids base css class contains typography (including labels), the Ids Identity token css variables and the functional classes (similar to tailwind css).

## Ids Decorators

The ids-decorators are imported directly into ids-element and may not need to be called directly. Current there is only two. One to add a version to the webcomponent and one to make a customer element for the web components. See ids-tag.js for proper usage.

## Ids Element

TODO

## Ids Keyboard

- Handles detaching if a key is pressed down currently
- Adds a hot key mapper (for example google hot keys)
- Early draft info is on [#643](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/643)
- All events should have past tense for example activated, beforeactivated, afteractived not activate, beforeactivate, afteractivate
- Can list the supported keys for a component

## Ids Event Handler

Adds a small wrapper around component events. This can be used to see what event handlers are attached on a component as well as the fact that the Ids Element Base will call removeAll to remove all used event handlers.

Future
- Handles consistency on the data sent (element, event data, id, idx, custom ect)
- Some events can be vetoed
- Handles omitting events to watch for external developers. Still deciding if we should use promises, signals, events or callbacks.

Commit message:

Add mixin and event emitter example

src/ids-base/README.md, after:

# Ids Base

This folder contains source code for the common base code for IDS. This includes shared functions, Core Css and The webcomponent base class IdsElement.

## Ids Base Css

The Ids base css class contains typography (including labels), the Ids Identity token css variables and the functional classes (similar to tailwind css).

## Ids Decorators

The ids-decorators are imported directly into ids-element and may not need to be called directly. Current there is only two. One to add a version to the webcomponent and one to make a customer element for the web components. See ids-tag.js for proper usage.

## Ids Element

TODO

## Ids Keyboard

- Handles detaching if a key is pressed down currently
- Adds a hot key mapper (for example google hot keys)
- Can list the supported keys for a component

## Ids Event Handler

Adds a small wrapper around component events. This can be used to see what event handlers are attached on a component as well as the fact that the Ids Element Base will call removeAll to remove all used event handlers.

## Ids Event Emitter

- Handles consistency on the data sent (element, event data, id, idx, custom ect)
- Some events can be vetoed
- All events should have past tense for example activated, beforeactivated, afteractived not activate, beforeactivate, afteractivate

## Ids Mixins

Mixins are simply functions with shared functionality that can be injected into a component. For example the IdsEventOmitter. They get around the issue that in JS that you cannot inherit from more than one object. Also they prevent the Base Element from getting bloated with functionality that not every component uses. Ids is using a simple object as a mixin that in "injected" into the component in the contructor and then used according to its documentation. If the mixin has UI elements it should probably be a web component instead.
